Ye Zhiqing
I misunderstood you just now in a hurry
Tang Zhiqing quickly apologized to him
I also heard from Xuehong
Did he misunderstand too, Tang Zhiqing?
OK, sorry.
I don't want to say forget it.
It's pointless to be so reluctant
Mingyue, don't go too far
Whoever goes too far knows
I advise some people
Be a good person
Don't get confused
Otherwise, if you lose the lady, you will be whipped
Forget it, this time we are really sloppy
You are all with them
You know that Mingyue also threw stinky water on me
Secretary Li, I have learned to go back and take a shower now
Okay, everyone else is gone too
Ning Zhiqing
I have something to ask you.
What's up
Last time we made an appointment to go to the movies on the weekend
Why are you with him?
Is this bad and bad?
You tell me.
The organization calls the shots for you
watch a movie
The relationship between this little spy and the secretary of this brigade
Isn't it easy?